Add DOCS for promise changes and update all features and tests to cater for it (#11)
chec/commerce.js: README.md

### With CDN

```html
<script type="text/javascript" src="https://cdn.chec.io/v2/commerce.js"></script>
```

## Documentation

See the [documentation webpage](https://commercejs.com/docs).

## Upgrading

> The major change in Commerce.js v2 is that most methods now return a promise that is furfilled when the http request is

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The major change in Commerce.js v2 is that most methods now return a [promise](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Global_Objects/Promise) that is fulfilled when the HTTP request is
```

completed. Instead of providing callbacks to the methods in this module, you will have to use promise syntax instead:

```js
Commerce.Cart.retrieve(function (data) { 
  // ...
});
```

Becomes

```js
Commerce.Cart.retrieve().then(function (data) {
  // ...

> })

Reviewer: You could use a diff block here:

```diff
- Commerce.Cart.retrieve(function (data) {
+ Commerce.Cart.retrieve().then(function (data) {
  // ...
});
```
